Add WG Device Management (#7805)
kubernetes/community: wg-device-management/charter.md

# WG Device Management Charter

This charter adheres to the conventions described in the [Kubernetes Charter
README] and uses the Roles and Organization Management outlined in
[wg-governance].

> ## Scope

Reviewer: We have notes about device support in WG Batch... I would suggest removing it from the charter as part of this PR. But worth bringing up the topic in a WG Batch meeting too.

Author: Seems like that could be done in a follow-up PR. I don't want to gate this on that. We have some urgency to move forward.

Reviewer 2: I think we can iterate on that part but it sounds like that's probably a quick-follow-up.

Reviewer 3: There will be overlaps between this WG, batch and serving naturally. I think it will boil down to proper coordination when those overlapping areas are being worked on, to accommodate the input from the other interested parties.

Reviewer 4: Just to update here, serving has updated their charter that  clarified their scope to not overlap with batch.

- APIs, algorithms, and implementations for allowing adminstrators to control
  and govern access to devices.

## Stakeholders

- SIG Architecture
- SIG Autoscaling
- SIG Network
- SIG Node
- SIG Scheduling

Additionally a broad set of end users, device vendors, cloud providers,
Kubernetes distribution providers, and ecosystem projects (particularly
autoscaling-related projects) have expressed interest in this effort. There are
five primary groups of stakeholders from each of which we expect multiple participants:

- Device vendors that manufacture accelerators and other specialized hardware
  which they would like to make available to Kubernetes users.
- Kubernetes distribution and managed offering providers that would like to make
  specialized hardware available to their users.
- Kubernetes ecosystem projects that help manage workloads utilizing these
  accelerators (e.g., Karpenter, Kueue, Volcano)
- End user workload authors that will create workloads that take advantage of
  the specialized hardware.
- Cluster administrators that operate and govern clusters containing the
  specialized hardware.

## Roles and Organization Management

> This sig follows adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
This working group adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]
```

> This sig follows adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]

Reviewer 2: I think this is doubly confusing and we should fix this, we already need to re-apply lgtm and get approvals anyhow

> This sig follows adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]

Author: oh, I had accepted Kevin's suggestion but I think it lost it when I rebased (since I didn't pull down the PR branch).

> This sig follows adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]

Reviewer 2: with his suggestion it still says "sig" where it should say "working group" 😅

> This sig follows adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [wg-governance]

Author: fixed

[wg-governance] and opts-in to updates and modifications to [wg-governance].

## Exit Criteria

The working group will disband when the KEPs resulting from these discussions

> have reached a terminal state.

Reviewer 5: This seems a bit vague. 

I could see that wg-device-management should go away once DRA has reached GA (and maybe 2-3 vendors) are widely supported with DRA in GA.

To be clear, this does not mean work is done in this area but I think the urgency of this group will go down once DRA is out and supported in many places.

Author: Maybe? I think saying "DRA reaches GA" is also vague. The whole of the functionality will be delivered incrementally, most likely. So there isn't one or two existing KEPs that will go to GA and we're done. I expect a few more things to come out of this.

Reviewer 5: Yea, I'm not sure of a clear exit criteria then. In serving it was asked to come up with clear goals so we know when to call the working group complete.

Reviewer 5: ref: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/7823/files#r1581095409

Author: I added a note saying we would consider disbanding when core DRA reaches GA.

# WG Device Management

> In progress.

Reviewer 6: :)

Author: Yes, I wasn't clear from https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-wg-lifecycle.md whether the charter can follow merge of this or we should put it together now. That is, whether writing the charter should be the first thing we do as a WG, or we need it first.

Reviewer 4: charter should be the first step with scope and exit criteria
